Vader comes around a corner ever since
I've been here I've had great people to
kind of watch before me I've had great
leaders to look up to and I think those
guys have kind of you know paved the way
from me they've kind of taught me hard
work and I was a hard-working kid in
high school I had that work ethic
instilled in me by my dad and I was one
to you know be the best at what I was
doing
so you know I saw these guys ahead of me
working hard and working harder than me
and you know I just told myself if I'm
not good enough it's not gonna be
because I didn't work hard enough
whenever you're walking around campus
you know you see soccer players you see
volleyball players and everybody knows
each other that's the great thing about
when university is it's like a family
and I think it's really cool that
Oakland is you know it's big but it's
it's small enough to where everybody's
kind of connected I've been working
towards getting my master's in
communication as well and you know
that's just something that's really
important to me you know I work hard on
the court but I think it's just as
important to work hard off the court you
know I've seen that the classrooms of
300 plus students and the classes I've
been in with my major I think it's it's
smaller it's you know 20 students and
you get a better relationship with the
professor get a better relationship with
the students in that class and for me I
learn better that way
you know I really think it's the people
here they really care about you that
they want to see you do your best and I
think that's what's made me so
successful and helped me reach this
milestone to me it's it's more about the
team and the guys that I've played with
their unselfishness you see me making
shots but people don't necessarily see
what goes into that and the teamwork
that's involved in making those shots
it's you know it's really is a team
effort and it's something that Open
University can be proud of